I've been on the record of this for
years I think that you know if vegans
want to abolish fox hunting we have to
provide a better alternative you know we
have to put a vegan alternative to fox
hunting so if we can't do vegan fox
hunting you know
tofu based fox hunting no no in Canada
this is not gonna hunt moose in Canada
vegan vegan who's hunting right so my
girlfriend is saying that duck hunt for
the Nintendo Entertainment System is
already a vehicle that's replace nothing
[Music]
hey guys what's up I'm live-streaming
with my girlfriend off camera she might
make some noises or chime in if
pipefitter joined that discussion at
some point uh this is a follow-up that
for some of you will come as no surprise
but it's a little bit surprising to me
obviously many of my viewers know
durianrider better than I do
many of my viewers were completely
convinced from the start that won the
boxing match with durianrider would
never happen and to the reason why it
would never happen would be because
during Ryder didn't stand a chance of
winning no neither of those things were
really clear to me I mean you saw a babe
my girlfriend here she heard me talking
about this before we went public with
the video I thought I said yeah you know
during rider he could win I thought he
totally stood a good chance of winning
and we just checked his channel and saw
what kind of condition he's in and so on
again he and I are about the same height
we're about the same age and beyond that
like guys it's a charity boxing match
nobody's gonna get hurt
like I've offered in the past to do a
charity boxing match with vegan gains I
don't think I would win it
I offered to a charity boxing match with
with Jason Posey no but like this is not
like buying an airplane ticket to a war
zone
which I've done in the past I've
actually done that it did volunteer work
very work hilariously you know I was in
one of the areas where the Civil War was
just and they were just doing the
armistice and the negotiations at that
time the last of the Yao rebels in
northwestern Laos and the border between
Laos in the or but that's another story
but hey you know it's not like going to
a war zone
it's not even as dangerous as downhill
skiing I mean you know talking about
charity boxing that's not that big deal
so I even if I was gonna lose I might do
a boxing match knowing I'm gonna lose
it's okay I'll do my best but you know
so likewise I thought during rider might
do it even if he knows he's gonna lose
try to put a positive ending on what's
been a tremendously negative situation
for him and myself I mean I think it's
more negative for me than his for him
but it's destroyed his career his career
is over his career as a youtuber is over
his status as a symbol in the world of
diet and exercise and vegan activism is
over and at a minimum his conflict and
it was a huge catalyst for that but at a
maximum you really can't say this is the
you know I don't know this is the nail
that punctured the tire whatever was the
same and this was huge part is death
fall so um look some of you guys
evidently know durianrider better than I
do
and we got some really interesting
comments on my on my youtube video of
people who said exactly predicted
exactly what did happen they said no
during what writer would refuse on
account of his weight class that his
body weight is not same as mine and I've
said back about this also freely herself
has said that he lies about his weight I
think he must either be lying about his
weight or lying about his height or both
today at the gym it just struck me I was
lifting weights I was doing the bench
press with Melissa with my girlfriend
and I said to her you realize right now
I'm lifting more weight than Durham
Ryder's entire physical frame just
ridiculous like it's so this guy is the
same height as I am anyways less than
this now on the same time course every
time I do a push-up
I put the push-ups in last videos I do
these kind of push-ups on a 45 degree
angle kind of thing I'm lifting about my
own body weights no great feat but
nevertheless that's that's hard for me
to visualize but in case people are new
during writer better than I did Rodian
saying one he'd never actually do the
fight to that he would use the excuse of
of his of his body weight being lower
than mine I think there was a point
three and point four but now vegan foot
soldier commented it's a shame that dr's
know
is bigger than his balls minor equally
proportioned which is why at 65
kilograms I argued with logic rather
than fists so I can believe foot soldier
65 kilograms I don't know is his height
but that's believable to me protip :
avoid violence at all costs until you're
attacked then switch like a [ __ ]
psycho
the if verse isn't a good look at all ie
being a [ __ ] psycho all the time and
then switching and become a coward when
Violet shows up yeah so we'll sit on I'm
vegan since lose point but look at the
main point I'm gonna come to in this
video is about the fact that actually
the lies to reminders told about me
influenced a lot of people more than
they know and it's not a laughing matter
the foot soldier I think is an example
of that you know I had this surreal
email correspondence with him trying to
set up an interview was to do for his
channel trying to set up a Skype call
and I really think on a deep level what
Saul himself my deputy but he was
responding stuff I'm saying as if he's
like oh you're trying to manipulate me
and you're lying about this you want
that it's like dude I'm stating plain
facts as plainly as I can so think even
he is a guy who at least at that time
you know just how he was hearing me how
he was perceiving me was really kind of
warped and twisted by this campaign of
Lies and slander and defamation the
during writer did carry on for such a
long time and then the type of people
who watch a lot of videos on vegan
YouTube certainly they're they're
influenced by and with this is a couple
of comments here I screenshotted from
reddit this one kind of stood out to me
I'll read this aloud here is my take :
durianrider perceives this man as a
threat to his little Empire I can't
retaliate with logic and reason mazzard
has published videos outlining the
shortcomings of Tahrir miters diet and
his approach to activism and has called
him out for his bullying and being a
dick in general durianrider is not
capable of defending himself against
these intellectual attacks except by
making false accusations and attempting
to could destroy masters reputation he
has used this approach more than once
although I don't know the details
very true during Ryder was doing this to
scare others away from making legit
criticisms of him his diet etc mazzard
doesn't give a damn about during writers
opinion what he is doing is pointing out
this pattern and hopefully stopping it
from happening again
what mazzard cares about is having a
community with open debate and honest
conversations durianrider is ruining
this community and must be stopped
so it's interesting how I have no idea
who this guy is who made this cover the
Internet one year ago but an interesting
and somewhat insightful comment at the
time and you know in some ways there's
more to it than that and in some ways
there's less to it than that but while I
don't like to complain I like to
emphasize the extent to which I'm
enduring all this with some shred of
dignity you know it matters so this is a
conversation I had on Facebook and I'm
leaving the other person anonymous but
I'm the I'm the author writing in blue
here this guy said to me that he doesn't
think anyone believes anything against
me so ie what the writer said doesn't
really matter and I write back and you
can see I actually I kind of changed my
own mind here just in the first couple
of minutes of typing this reply because
it's not really appropriate for me to
say oh this doesn't matter nobody takes
it seriously
it does matter and you know it really
could have been a much more positive you
know ending to things whether a year ago
or today if Darren Meyer came out and
had a charity boxing match and you know
wherever it would certainly be more
positive he admitted that these were all
lies and so on if you really instructed
his followers to stop telling these lies
about me
so I reply here at first saying I know :
but the Internet is written in ink not
in pencil unless people actually delete
their old videos or old tumblr
statements etc nothing changes and yeah
I do talk to more people about it than
you do because I'm me and yeah I do see
the full spectrum of opinion and the
negative impact this slander has had and
that it still has seriously you say
nobody is interested do you know how
many thousands of people still sincerely
believe that I'm a so-called scam artist
who quote
quote stole the money for the lawyer
even though now their receipts are
posted on the Internet and enough
information always was anyway it's
ridiculous honestly though it would have
been a positive ending or outcome if
durianrider did a charity boxing match
with me I just made a video offering
that so yeah I can see that just in the
last few days I did offer a relatively
positive resolution to the situation in
a charity boxing match nobody gets hurt
it would be in a gym etc we're not
talking about a street fight we're not
talking about a civil war so yeah that
was one positive way out I just offered
but sure in many ways I have no choice
but didn't just move on as opposed to
what is there is there a not moving on
option what's what's the alternative to
moving on I've seen these are virtues
that are easy to preach huh you should
move on you can say that to anybody over
any [ __ ] that's a cowardly ass thing
to say to somebody Oh your father died
you should move on uh-huh as opposed to
digging up his grave as opposed to
putting him in my front lawn like a
[ __ ] scarecrow what what is the
alternative to moving on you know it's a
shitty thing to say to somebody it
really is anyway I know he means well
but still all right uh so I say sure in
many ways I have no choice but then but
to just move on however there's real
serious damage done to my life and it's
not trivial I'm gonna be unemployable
when I return to Canada take a look at
my CV already sent to you and I'm gonna
have to deal with this as a dark cloud
even over my reputation within the vegan
movement forever I think that's
reasonable to say based on again it's
based on me having spoken to so many
vegans including Tobias Lee and art in
these few people who are supposedly too
smart to be influenced by you know
internet drama but they actually are
influenced by the internet drama I
continue quote there are thousands of
people who believe that and I've spoken
with hundreds of them myself that's just
one example of allied durianrider told
durianrider made it up but so many other
channels even plant-based news reported
it as fact slash expand
etc so this is true close at plant-based
news jumped on the bandwagon here man
another example : do you know how many
thousands of people believe that I'm a
millionaire or a trust fund kid who has
never had a job my inheritance was
twenty five thousand dollars Canadian
which is nineteen thousand dollars u.s.
and I only got it a couple weeks ago
right uh I'm sorry you're in a position
to kid yourself but I'm not I now have
to deal with hostility from people every
day who really believe that I'm one a
scam artist and to born rich living on
my parents money lying about being a
Secret Millionaire etc I would say that
it is more rare than I meet people who
believe that I am three a sexual
predator perverse teenage girls etc but
I do encounter category three often
enough and that stuff's on the internet
it's not gonna disappear yes this is a
real problem in my life day after day
month after month year after year it
hasn't gone away I know you talked to a
few people watching my cafes and you
conclude that it isn't really a problem
you know quote-unquote is really know
that just means isn't a problem for you
it is a problem for me
and yes actually a charity boxing match
and seeing terrain rider admit that it
was all [ __ ] would help the other
people involved for example vegan
cheetah Joe vegan etc they never
admitted they were wrong
even plant-based news clothes refused to
issue a retraction and I made it real
easy for him to do so I get in the
details of that purses long story short
you know I was offering to cooperate the
guy to do a Skype call with the guy deal
with podcast the guy or something yeah
very much a buried the hatchet approach
to dealing with clothes from the best
news which he completely dropped the
ball on it anyway it's a problem that
doesn't go away
and yes I have long since posted the
actual receipts ie the literal receipt
so what the actual invoice and and
payment receded whatever showing how
much the lawyers were paid etc I'm sorry
I forgot about this in the list of
damage done there's also category four
so number one was scam artist regarding
the
razor number two is born with secret
millionaire number three is a her
brother and four is abusive towards
women and/or wife beater this one is
especially damaging because during Ryder
and cheetah spoke to my ex-wife directly
on the phone I do not believe that she
ever told them I was a wife beater not
even they have ever said this ie they
never claimed that she said this but
still the fact that they spoke to her at
all makes lives of this kind of more
important and I just mentioned my
girlfriend off camera another example
this is Josh shake a vegan revolution if
she so he/she also my ex wife spoke to
Josh on the phone and Josh had this
really acrimonious Skype call with us if
she had said anything that bad about me
in the the girl for private conversation
he would have thrown it in my face he
would have made those accusations cuz he
was he was gleeful to defame me and use
whatever character assassination had so
I assume Mac's wife has never said that
but nevertheless and I pointed out in my
one-and-only interview with the light
twins that was one of their questions so
we did one it was great interview by the
way still a great podcast you can still
hear it but they did ask me very
seriously do you or did you ever beat
your wife
so yeah it's extremely damaging under
those four categories it all still
really is a problem so I mean I can be
magnanimous about this but in a sense
what it comes down to is you know
charity boxing match or gtfo man you
know and like I mean I'm in a position
to to want revenge I never use terms
like that in the Internet I never talk
about that I've framed this entirely in
terms of doing the right thing because
the right thing to do caring what the
future of the vegan movement I've said
all these pious and proper and
politically correct things but sure you
know I'm the aggrieved party here julia
borer is not the aggrieved party she's
got nothing to complain about she lived
her dream she flew to chiang mai and met
her hero
you know she met free durianrider and
she defamed everybody and had her had
her fun she's not good place she never
claimed anything happened between her
that was just a lie made up a hundred
percent Biderman writer out of thin air
all of his lies the lies about me having
all these girlfriends in quebec blah
blah blah you know they were old it's
all complete fantasy on his part so
there's nobody else in this who's in
that sense and a great party there's
nobody else asking for justice and
there's nobody else asking for revenge
but sure I don't know man if I think
durianrider really should take that
charity boxing match I really think he
should I think this was an opportunity
for him to do something positive you
know for his own reputation for his own
situation for the vegan movement and you
know to end a real source of enmity that
he might not like the alternatives he
might not like spending two years in a
Thai prison but you know we'll see what
comes to the next that I fear him and
here on screen I guess is the closing
screenshot this is durianrider himself
commenting below the video that he is
only 67 kilograms and therefore if he
actually had this boxing match with me
he would be victim of bullying you can
see itself writing and you can see my
response I say quote however I
understand your position you threaten
violence and you want others to fear you
you claim to be a hardened criminal
quote violence is like second nature to
me he said of himself because he claims
he's already been to jail while in fact
you make false reports to the police
many others did fear you and they
reinforced this pattern of behavior in
our part
I didn't fear you so instead you folded
while continuing to make threats the
last time I was here in Shanghai for a
court hearing you were still sending me
messages both directly and indirectly
claiming I'd be stabbed I don't know how
you imagined that you're the one being
bullied in that scenario but hey imagine
a way your imagination at least doesn't
hurt anyone
alright guys so as I mentioned before
the reason why I'm inching my at all
right now is for a
court hearing we do have another court
hearing my expectations for that court
hearing are incredibly low in a very
vague and indirect sense I do kind of
blame the overall political situation
here in Thailand for why this case
accomplished a little in the last year
and a half I could be wrong but that
will ask my lawyer
we'll ask him on camera we'll ask him
why he thinks it didn't make better
progress but you know durianrider to my
knowledge never hired a defense attorney
or today anything else it's just the
process within Thailand I mean show the
talent is incredibly easy country to get
away with a crime in because in this
case we have all the evidence in a stack
I mean oh there's no doubt about it it's
you know the nature just the nature of
the evidence for defaming someone of the
internet you just print it out and
presents it in court and you know
obviously it is very easy for foreigners
to get away with a crime in this country
because they do have very serious
protections or you know I of course I
believe people should be presumed
innocent until they're proven guilty but
in this case there's a lengthy process
of I guess arbitration whereby the Thai
government assembles all the evidence
and presents it to the Australian
government and ask the Australian
government to issue him with a summons
there's some process like this to
protect his rights and that process
still has not come to a conclusion
despite the fact that we know during
writers mailing address which is not an
easy thing to find out because he tries
to keep it secret and to my knowledge
just by the fact that the papers were
served at that address so that's it I
came to Thailand asking for justice I
didn't get that so I offered to have a
charity boxing match instead I didn't
get up the I didn't get that so I don't
know back to the drawing board